>> Kyle: So if you can start to understand
that prototype system a little bit and
understand how that fits
in with this keyword,
now we can talk about the class keyword.
The class keyword is layered on
top of the prototype system and
the class keyword gives us some
syntax that looks a lot more
like the class designs that we
normally do in say, a C++ or Java.
So we wanna look at how we use the class
keyword to do the same thing that we
were just doing with that prototypal
style, which quite frankly was a lot more
awkward, there were a lot
more moving pieces.
I think you'll see that the class
syntax is a lot more attractive.
>> Kyle: So to do the same outcome as
what we had in the previous section,
we can now define a thing
called workshop as a class.
We use class keyword, and
then we make a thing called workshop.
And then inside of that workshop, the
curly braces from lines one through eight,
define the class definition for workshop.
You'll notice that we define a constructor
which is kind of the same thing as the
workshop function in our previous slide.
And then we add the ask
method directly in.
You'll notice there's no cluttering up
of saying workshop.prototype.ask =,
we don't have to do any of that.
Because this syntactic sugar says,
I know that you wanna make an ask
method that belongs to workshop.
It's important to note
that under the covers,
JavaScript is doing the same thing as
what we did in that previous slide.
It's making a prototype object and
making a function.
And when we call new workshop on line 10,
the same mechanism is happening.
We're making a deepJS object that
does not have an ask method, but
that object is linked to the prototype
object of the workshop class
that does have the ask method.
That's why on line 13,
when we say deepJS.ask, we are prototype
delegating the workshop definition,
AKA the workshop prototype.
So the same mechanism is involved,
it's just a much cleaner syntax now.
And by arming ourselves with this syntax,
we now fully are capable of designing
class-orientated JavaScript programs.
And this is extremely common, you'll
see this in your React applications,
you'll see it in Angular,
you'll see it in Vue.js, and all the other
major frameworks that are out there.
You'll see classes are a very common
way of defining a container for
a set of data, and a set of behaviors,
methods, that can run against those.